| My "
. | : (
- ° ,
SAT ine 3.0
OEE -_
Compact Code OCR for Mobile Devices :
What is the ABBYY Mobile OCR Engine SDK?
Me ABBY) Mobile OCR Engine 3.0 Software Development Kit (SDK) is a specialised toolkit
fur empowering mobile and other compact applicalons with text recognition and Benefits of the
conversion capabilities. ABBYY's specially developed “compact cade OCR" is optimised €0 ABBYY OCR Engine SDK
deliver a highly accurate conversion of image files Inte text using a small amount of
Memory and system resources. Platform independence ensures Support for such operating . Easy integration of high
systems as Android, Linux, Symbian, Windows and Windows Mobile. performance text recognition
capabilities
| . , . Business card recognition
Your Mobile Application with the Power of OCR E
ABBYY OCR technulogy transturins images Ino manageable text which can be saved, stored, edited _ Platform independence -
or Sent via web, web services. email or SMS. Applications based oe ~ eee en supporting such systems as
transform ¢ ~ narde newspaper clippings, menus and other texts captur | |
orm notes, business cards, NEWSPaf IDPINg + sol Windows Mobile, Symbian,
Imaging device into data which can easily be embedded into other applications. Examples of appli ony |
cations which can be enhanced with ABBYY Mobile OCR Engine include: Android™ and Linux systems
Backend - Optimised memory
‘cations: acken _
Camera Smartphone/PDA Applications: Capture Front-ends Linked to management and efficient
Take full advantage of cameras on moodile Systems and Web Applications loading for high performance
devices. Photo menus, signs and posters, Fxisiting applications can be improved Or
business cards, and other documents can be extended using OCR for easy capture of input - Multilingual support
converted into text for easier input Into 2 of data to a networked backend system Of
variety of applications such as: Web applicaition. For example: . Sample application and
- Phone and address books . Mobile capture for CRM - take a picture of test shell
* Calendars 3 business card for input into a CRM
- Task lists system or sales lead database - Sophisticated OCR
| functionality:
* All-in-one personal information | Mobile capture for Worktlow Lane ?
managers (PIMs| picture of a document for fast input into 4 . Extremely accurate text
| workflow application :
' Business card readers PP conversion
Aliant /corvor toyt ranvercinn and Ce
